Labels, Messages, and Badges for GitHub PRs in GitLab Pipelines (#3886)
NOAA-EMC/global-workflow: .github/copilot-instructions.md

## Change Logging
- Each time you generate code, note the changes in changelog.md
- Follow semantic versioning guidelines
- Include date and description of changes
- periodically perform git commits with clear messages when appropriate

> - Never change the branch that we start with for managablity

Reviewer: KIS
```suggestion
- Never change the branch that we start with
```

## Code Style
- Follow the existing code style in the repository
- Use consistent indentation (2 spaces)

> - Follow the BASH style aleady in code base expecally "${variable}" for variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the BASH style already in code base especially "${variable}" for variables

> - Follow the BASH style aleady in code base expecally "${variable}" for variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Follow the BASH style aleady in code base expecally "${variable}" for variables. Use shfmt where appropriate and shellcheck for linting
```

> - Alays have no extra whitespace at the end or beginning of lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Never add extra whitespace at the end or beginning of lines
```

- Use pycodestyle for Python code

## Code Quality
- Ensure code is clean, well-commented, and follows best practices
- Use consistent naming conventions
- Avoid unnecessary complexity at all costs and make sure the code is easy to understand by average developers
- Avoid over-engineering solutions
- Use readable code that conveys intent and meaning over comments
- Write unit tests for new features and bug fixes
- Ensure code is modular and reusable

## Documentation

> - use matlab docstrings for functions and classes

Reviewer: I don't think we want `matlab` docstrings.

Author: Oh yeah numpy duh

> - use matlab docstrings for functions and classes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- use numpy style docstrings for python functions and classes
```
